Bugfix/group reserved kw union data v3 (#58)
fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_zendesk_source v0.14.1

[PR #58](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk_source/pull/58) includes the following update:

## Bug Fixes

> - In v0.14.0 (or [v0.19.0](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk/releases/tag/v0.19.0) of the transform package), Snowflake users may have seen `when searching for a relation, dbt found an approximate match` errors when running the `stg_zendesk__group_tmp` model. We have updated the `adapter.get_relation()` logic that was causing this error.

Reviewer: Suggestion for just a bit clearer CHANGELOG entry. 

```suggestion
- In v0.14.0 (or [v0.19.0](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_zendesk/releases/tag/v0.19.0) of the transform package), Snowflake users may have seen `when searching for a relation, dbt found an approximate match` errors when running the `stg_zendesk__group_tmp` model. The issue stemmed from the `adapter.get_relation()` logic within the `union_zendesk_connections` macro, which has now been updated to resolve the error.
```
